[flutter_appauth] Update README.md (#474)
MaikuB/flutter_appauth: flutter_appauth/README.md

</array>
```

> Note: iOS Apps generate a file called `cache.db` which contains the table `cfurl_cache_receiver_data`. This table will contain the access token obtained after the login is completed. If the potential data leak represents a thread for your application you can disable the information caching for the entire iOS App (ex. https://kunalgupta1508.medium.com/data-leakage-with-cache-db-2d311582cf23).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: iOS apps generate a file called `cache.db` which contains the table `cfurl_cache_receiver_data`. This table will contain the access token obtained after the login is completed. If the potential data leak represents a threat for your application then you can disable the information caching for the entire iOS app (ex. https://kunalgupta1508.medium.com/data-leakage-with-cache-db-2d311582cf23).
```

Made the suggestions based on the following
- capitalising of the "a" in "apps" is odd as if it wasn't shortened then it would be written as "iOS application(s)" so this be consistent with that
- I assume you meant to write "threat" instead of "thread"
- Added a "then" as it allows sentence to "connect" what the reader can do more naturally as the sentence is long. Not too dissimilar to writing code in a `IF/GIVEN  ... THEN ...` format
